# A divergence-free inflow turbulence generator using spectral representation method for large-eddy simulation of ABL flows

The generation of inflow turbulence is the first and necessary step in conducting a successful large-eddy simulation (LES) of the atmospheric boundary layer (ABL) flows. It is required that the generated inflow turbulence is divergence-free and satisfy essential target statistics of the flow such as the mean velocity, turbulence intensity, and integral length scale profiles. Another important requirement is satisfying the two-point statistics of the flow described by the coherency function and the spatial correlation. In this paper, a divergence-free synthetic inflow generation technique that models the two-point statistics of the flow is proposed based on the spectral representation method. A computationally efficient procedure is implemented with interpolation enhanced decomposition of the cross-power spectral density matrix followed by the generation of the velocity field using the fast Fourier transformation technique. The divergence-free criterion is imposed on the generated turbulence numerically using a modified implementation of Pressure-Implicit with Splitting of Operators (PISO) algorithm. The efficacy of the proposed method to represent one-point and two-point statistics compared to existing inflow generation methods is established by comparing both with wind field measured in the Boundary Layer Wind Tunnel Laboratory at Western University. The proposed method is then applied to LES of ABL flows for three exposure conditions, and the wind profiles downstream of the inlet are examined. The mean velocity, turbulence intensity, integral length scale profiles, and the velocity spectra are in excellent agreement with the target experimental data. Thus, indicating the potential of the method for computational wind engineering applications such as wind load evaluation studies.  

